README.md, before:

# Chaleb's Corner on the Web

My personal website/blog, built with [Astro](https://astro.build/). Theme was created by Eilan's Brutal theme and remixed by me.

### Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:


| Command             | Action                                             |
| :------------------ | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `yarn install`      | Installs dependencies                              |
| `yarn dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`        |
| `yarn build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`            |
| `yarn preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying       |
| `yarn astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro preview` |
| `yarn astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                       |

## Integrations

### UnoCSS

In this theme, I'm using [UnoCSS](https://uno.antfu.me/) to generate the CSS. It's a utility-first CSS framework that uses a single class to style elements. It's very easy to use and has a lot of features. It's setup to be completely compatible with TailwindCSS, with the advantage of being able to use PureCSS icons. You can always switch out UnoCSS for TailwindCSS if you want to, without breaking the general styles.

### Image

## Components

### `components/blog/`

This directory contains all components for the blog.

### `components/errors/`

This directory contains all error components.

#### `components/errors/404.astro`

This component is used when a page is not found.

### `components/generic/`

This directory contains all generic components, reused over multiple pages.

### `components/home/`

This directory contains all components for the home page.

### `components/layout/`

This directory contains all layout components. For instance, the header and footer and `<head>` section.

If you need more from this theme, don't hesitate to open an issue or reach out to me!

Commit message:

📝 (README.md): Update project description and add component overview

README.md, after:

# Chaleb's Corner on the Web

My personal website/blog, built with [Astro](https://astro.build/). Theme was created by Eilan's Brutal theme and remixed by me.

## Description

Welcome to the repository for Chaleb's Corner on the Web. This project is my personal website and blog, where I share my thoughts, projects, and more. The site is built using Astro, a modern static site generator, and styled with UnoCSS for a utility-first approach.

### Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:


| Command             | Action                                             |
| :------------------ | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `yarn install`      | Installs dependencies                              |
| `yarn dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`        |
| `yarn build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`            |
| `yarn preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying       |
| `yarn astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro preview` |
| `yarn astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                       |

## Integrations

### UnoCSS

In this theme, I'm using [UnoCSS](https://uno.antfu.me/) to generate the CSS. It's a utility-first CSS framework that uses a single class to style elements. It's very easy to use and has a lot of features. It's setup to be completely compatible with TailwindCSS, with the advantage of being able to use PureCSS icons. You can always switch out UnoCSS for TailwindCSS if you want to, without breaking the general styles.

### Image

## Components

### `components/blog/`

This directory contains all components for the blog.

### `components/errors/`

This directory contains all error components.

#### `components/errors/404.astro`

This component is used when a page is not found.

### `components/generic/`

This directory contains all generic components, reused over multiple pages.

### `components/home/`

This directory contains all components for the home page.

### `components/layout/`

This directory contains all layout components. For instance, the header and footer and `<head>` section.
